JFrog Platform Cloud (#2120)
DataDog/integrations-extras: jfrog_platform_cloud/README.md

# Agent Check: JFrog Platform Cloud

## Overview

[JFrog][1] is a universal, hybrid, and end-to-end DevOps platform. This integration helps any JFrog cloud customer seamlessly stream logs from JFrog Artifactory straight into Datadog. This integration comes packaged with Datadog [log pipelines][2] which enrich and index logs to make them more searchable and treatable using Datadog [facets][3].

### JFrog dashboards

You can find the dashboard packaged with this integration under the Assets tab on the integration tile.

#### JFrog Platform Cloud Log Analytics

> This dashboard provides summary of access logs and gives customer an information about various HTTP response codes, HTTP 500 errors, calls volume and users operations for greater operational insight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard provides a summary of access logs and information about various HTTP response codes, HTTP 500 errors, calls volume, and users operations.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> Contact JFrog representative to enable the integration. Be ready to provide your [Datadog API key][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact a JFrog representative to enable the integration. Be ready to provide your [Datadog API key][4].
```

> [1]: https://jfrog.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Support

Need help? Contact [JFrog Support][5].

[1]: https://jfrog.com/
```

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_configuration/pipelines/?tab=source
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/explorer/facets/
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5]: https://support.jfrog.com/
```

# Agent Check: JFrog Platform Cloud

## Overview

[JFrog][1] is a universal hybrid, end-to-end DevOps platform. This integration allows any JFrog cloud customer to seamlessly stream logs from JFrog Artifactory into Datadog. This integration provides Datadog [log pipelines][2] which enrich and index logs to make them more searchable and treatable using Datadog [facets][3].

[JFrog][1] is a universal hybrid, end-to-end DevOps platform. This integration will provide JFrog's cloud customers an out-of-the-box log streaming solution that will stream logs from their Artifactory cloud instance straight into Datadog. This integration has built-in support for Datadog's [log pipelines][2] feature which means logs from a variety of different formats can be preprocessed. Logs will be easily searchable and indexable and will be automatically routed to preconfigured JFrog dashboards.

> ### JFrog dashboards
> 
> You can find the dashboard packaged with this integration under the Assets tab on the integration tile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Should I just remove it completely?

# Agent Check: JFrog Platform Cloud

## Overview

> [JFrog][1] is a universal hybrid, end-to-end DevOps platform. This integration allows any JFrog cloud customer to seamlessly stream logs from JFrog Artifactory into Datadog. This integration provides Datadog [log pipelines][2] which enrich and index logs to make them more searchable and treatable using Datadog [facets][3].

Reviewer 2: Could you provide more insight on the value customers will get from this integration?

Author: Added.

Reviewer 2: @danielmkn apologies for the confusion - To clarify, the overview should include: 

1. What does your product do (in 1-2 sentences)?
2. What will customers get from this integration, and why is it valuable to them?
3. What types of data will your integration send in or pull out, and what's the value of that data? ex: By sending logs to Datadog, you have visibility into xyz

Author: Done.

### JFrog dashboards

You can find the dashboard packaged with this integration under the Assets tab on the integration tile.

#### JFrog Platform Cloud Log Analytics

> This dashboard provides a summary of access logs and information about various HTTP response codes, HTTP 500 errors, call volume, and user operations.

Reviewer 2: you can include this in the overview section. For example, this integration comes with an out-of-the-box dashboard that provides insight on xyz

Author: Moved to the Overview section.

## Setup

### Installation

> Contact a JFrog representative to enable the integration. Be ready to provide your [Datadog API key][4].

Reviewer 2: Can you link who they should be reaching out to?

Author: Added.

## Setup

### Installation

> On [MyJFrog Portal](https://my.jfrog.com) go to Settings -> JFrog Cloud Log Streaming - BETA, enable Log Streamer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the [MyJFrog Portal](https://my.jfrog.com), go to Settings -> JFrog Cloud Log Streaming - BETA, and enable the Log Streamer.
```

> Select vendor DataDog. Save your base64 encrypted [DataDog API key](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys) to file and select it in the UI form, add DataDog intake URL (`https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/api/v2/logs`), `ddtags` and click Save.

Reviewer 3: I would add a first step at the beginning of this Installation section for the user to create an API key inside of Datadog, and save it to a file.

Author: Added.

> Select vendor DataDog. Save your base64 encrypted [DataDog API key](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys) to file and select it in the UI form, add DataDog intake URL (`https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/api/v2/logs`), `ddtags` and click Save.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Select Datadog as the vendor. Select the file with your Datadog API key, add the Datadog intake URL for your [Datadog site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/) (`https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/api/v2/logs`), `ddtags` and click Save.
```

Author: Added.

> Your logs will start streaming into DataDog in 24 hours or less.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Your logs will start streaming into Datadog in 24 hours or less.
```

# Agent Check: JFrog Platform Cloud

## Overview

[JFrog][1] is a universal hybrid, end-to-end DevOps platform. JFrog Artifactory is the single solution for housing and managing all the artifacts, binaries, packages, files, containers, and components for use throughout your software supply chain.
JFrog Artifactory serves as your central hub for DevOps, integrating with your tools and processes to improve automation, increase integrity, and incorporate best practices along the way.

> JFrog’s SaaS Log Streamer is a log streaming solution built by JFrog for SaaS customers. This solution will stream JFrog Artifactory logs from the customer’s JFrog SaaS instance straight into their Datadog instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
JFrog's SaaS Log Streamer is a log streaming solution built by JFrog for SaaS customers. This solution will stream JFrog Artifactory logs from the customer’s JFrog SaaS instance straight into their Datadog instance.
```

> JFrog’s SaaS Log Streamer is a log streaming solution built by JFrog for SaaS customers. This solution will stream JFrog Artifactory logs from the customer’s JFrog SaaS instance straight into their Datadog cloud instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
JFrog’s SaaS Log Streamer is a log streaming solution built by JFrog for SaaS customers. This solution will stream JFrog Artifactory logs from the customer’s JFrog SaaS instance straight into their Datadog instance.
```

> Customers who use both JFrog and Datadog will be able to visualize Artifactory logs inside pre-configured Datadog dashboards. This integration also has built-in support for Datadog log pipelines which means logs streamed from JFrog will be preprocessed and automatically converted into Datadog log format and allow teams to uniquely name logs per their needs.This integration will thus make it easy and convenient for customers to monitor their JFrog SaaS instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Customers who use both JFrog and Datadog will be able to visualize Artifactory logs inside pre-configured Datadog dashboards. This integration also has built-in support for Datadog log pipelines which means logs streamed from JFrog will be preprocessed and automatically converted into the Datadog log format, allowing teams to uniquely name logs per their needs, drill down into Artifactory logs through searchable facets, and easily monitor their JFrog SaaS instance.
```

> At the initial release this integration will stream the following artifactory logs to datadog:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At the initial release this integration will stream the following artifactory logs to Datadog:
```

- **access-audit.log**
- **artifactory-request.log**
- **access-security-audit.log**

> These logs will allow customers to readily know who accessed what repositories and how often. The logs will also show what IP addresses accessed those repositories. The logs are critical for customers from a security and compliance perspective. In future updates to this integration JFrog will be adding many more log types like traffic.log, artifactory-access.log and more request logs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These logs will allow customers to readily know who accessed what repositories and how often. The logs will also show what IP addresses accessed those repositories. Log types such as traffic.log, artifactory-access.log and more request logs will be added to this integration in future updates.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> Contact [JFrog Partners team](mailto:partner-support@jfrog.com) to enable the integration for your cloud instance. Be ready to provide your [Datadog API key][2].

Reviewer 3: For API integrations, we require the setup to be self-service. A user should be able to go into the JFrog platform and (securely) enter their API key and complete any other setup for this integration. Is that something your team has implemented?

Author: Right now the log streamer integration is in beta and we have to manually add connection details to our app.
The self-service part is dev-complete, but we are in the testing stage and it's not yet released.

Reviewer 3: Got it. This tile won't be published until everything is tested and complete, so can you please update the README to reflect that final stage?

Author: Updated, added steps for self-service.

Customers who use both JFrog and Datadog will be able to visualize Artifactory logs inside pre-configured Datadog dashboards. This integration also has built-in support for Datadog log pipelines which means logs streamed from JFrog will be preprocessed and automatically converted into the Datadog log format, allowing teams to uniquely name logs per their needs, drill down into Artifactory logs through searchable facets, and easily monitor their JFrog SaaS instance.

At the initial release this integration will stream the following artifactory logs to Datadog:

- **access-audit.log**
- **artifactory-request.log**
- **access-security-audit.log**

These logs will allow customers to readily know who accessed what repositories and how often. The logs will also show what IP addresses accessed those repositories. Log types such as traffic.log, artifactory-access.log and more request logs will be added to this integration in future updates.

## Setup

**Note:** The integration requires JFrog Enterprise Plus subscription. 

### Installation

> Create [DataDog API key](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys), encrypt it with JFrog provided GPG key and save it to a text file.  

Reviewer 3: Hey @danielmkn I thought this step was going to be changed so that the user did not have to encrypt/save their API key to a file?

Author: Oh, sorry, missed that one. Fixed now.

> Create [DataDog API key](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys), encrypt it with JFrog provided GPG key and save it to a text file.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create [Datadog API key](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys), encrypt it with JFrog provided GPG key and save it to a text file.  
```

On the [MyJFrog Portal](https://my.jfrog.com), go to Settings -> JFrog Cloud Log Streaming - BETA, and enable the Log Streamer.
Select Datadog as the vendor. Select the file with your Datadog API key, add the Datadog intake URL for your [Datadog site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/) (`https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/api/v2/logs`), `ddtags` and click Save.

> Your logs will start streaming into Datadog in 24 hours or less.

Reviewer 2: As mentioned in the meeting this week, please update the instructions. Once done, this looks good to approve!

Author: Updated, now users can paste the key in plain text.
